- [Voiceover] Most of us
would love to win the lottery.
The odds are stacked
hopelessly against us,
to the point that it's
hardly worth buying a ticket,
unless it's simply
considered entertainment.
Still, some people
have beaten the odds
and won massive jackpots.
But many of these
winners have ended up
looking more cursed
than blessed.
Four out of every
ten lottery winners
aren't any happier than
before they won the lottery.
Lottery winners are
actually more likely
to file for bankruptcy
than the average person
and are more likely to
develop a drug addiction.
If you win the lottery,
you're more likely
to end up divorced, and even
more likely to end up dead.
To help you succeed
where others have failed,
we've compiled a list of ten
things you should never do
under any circumstances
if you win the lottery.
Number ten is having a stash of
illegal substances
inside your home.
Or you could end up like
a North Carolina woman
who won a staggering $188
million Powerball jackpot.
When local police showed
up to arrest her roommate
for violating the
terms of his parole,
the officers believed
they smelled pot.
Obtaining a search warrant
and found marijuana
and paraphernalia in the house,
the 26 year-old mother
of four was cited
and arrested for
possession, proving that
even if you're lucky,
you're not above the law.
Number nine is throwing your
lottery ticket into the trash.
Or you could end up like
one Massachusetts couple
who threw away a million-dollar
winning lottery ticket.
While the two realized their
mistake and dug their ticket
out of the garbage, you
may not be so lucky.
So it goes without
saying: keep track
of your winning lottery ticket.
Number eight is telling
everyone you know.
If you win millions of dollars,
most people immediately
feel the urge
to brag to every last
person they know.
The trouble is that
telling everyone you know
before you collect your
winnings puts you in danger,
and in more ways than just one.
Lottery winners have
ended up kidnapped,
flooded with emails
and phone calls
begging for cash, scammed,
and even murdered.
Number seven is giving
your winning lottery ticket
to someone else
to redeem for you.
Sometimes people
can be too trusting.
Even if the stakes involve
hundreds of millions of dollars.
So this is when an undocumented
immigrant in Georgia
gave his winning lottery
ticket to his boss
with the promise that
they would split the cash.
Instead though, his employer
took the money and ran.
Number six is bringing your
winnings to a strip club.
If you try this, you could end
up just like Jack Whittaker,
who brought a half a million
dollars to a strip club
and was robbed of $545,000
the same strip club.
Number five is believing
that you are the best person
to manage millions
of dollars in assets.
If you go from living
at paycheck to paycheck
to a multimillionaire,
does it seem likely
that you will know the
best things to invest in
and the best financial
planning strategies?
Some lottery winners have taken
investment advice
from naive relatives
and their friends, who are both
unlikely financial experts.
Many lottery winners who
took their financial matters
into their own hands
ended up in bankruptcy
as a reward for
their initiative.
Number four: Don't assume
you're a genius at business.
Chances are that if you
hadn't started any businesses
before you bought a
winning lottery ticket,
you probably hadn't already
started one for good reasons.
For instance, Ken Proxmire,
a tool grinder from Michigan
won $1 million in the
1977 Michigan lottery
and used his winnings to
indulge his inner entrepreneur.
He opened up a chain of
stores with his winnings.
Several years later,
his business failed
and Proxmire was left
with $100,000 in debt.
Number three is not
paying your taxes.
In the United States, your
lottery winnings are taxable.
But for some lottery
winners, taxes
are just too much of a bother.
For instance, one man in
Pennsylvania ended up in prison
after trying to avoid paying
taxes on his lottery winnings.
This probably doesn't need to
be said, but pay your taxes.
Number two is giving all
of your winnings away.
The worst example
of this is probably
the wigmaker Janet Lee,
who blew her fortune
on charity and
political donations.
Her lottery winnings bought her
a reading room named after her
at Washington University's
law school, and millions
of dollars in contributions
to the Democratic Party.
Eventually, after a decade-long
generosity spree, she
filed for bankruptcy.
And number one is spending
all of your winnings.
By far the biggest
downfall of lottery winners
comes from simply spending.
They often quit their jobs
and don't use their money
to bring any meaningful
investment income.
Instead, they go on spending
sprees which will inevitably
drain every last penny
of their winnings
and put them back to square one.
Thank you all for watching. I
hope you enjoyed this video.
And if you did, don't
forget to leave a like
and subscribe if
you haven't already.
And be sure to check
out our other lists.
And we'll see you all next time.